In the development of the SNHU Travel software, there were a number of steps taken to ensure that the final product met the expectations of our client. The first and most important step was to gather input from the client to better understanmd their vision and timeline. During this phase, user stories were generated from this client feedback which would serve as the key objectives of the teams development process. Having this framework made meeting our clients standards much easier and increased overall efficiency.
When I approach the development process, I like to begin by identifying the most critical components of the end product. By starting here and then adding branches to the design as I go, I feel much more confident that the final product will meet the objectives I set out to accomplish. This works very well within an Agile-scrum model because it is also based on a linear but highly iterative process. I also enjoyed the estimation methods that we utilized in this project and hope to use them in my work going forward because it is an extremely effective way to help manage project scope and workload. It also maintains the visibilty of the entire project regardless of which phase you are in. 
When looking for a good team member, it is important to find people that are confident in their abilities but also open minded and willing to collaborate. This competence combined with the ability to work in a collaborative environment leads to high quality products and ensures that each member of the team is held responsible for their contributions. Although it is great to have people that can work independently if needed, the input and feedback process helps to reduce the level of stress placed on a single individual. 
